Fix exclusive hardware control mode switching on controller failed activation (#1522)
ros-controls/ros2_control: controller_manager/doc/userdoc.rst

If the hardware during it's ``read`` or ``write`` method returns ``return_type::ERROR``, the controller manager will stop all controllers that are using the hardware's command and state interfaces.
Likewise, if a controller returns ``return_type::ERROR`` from its ``update`` method, the controller manager will deactivate the respective controller. In future, the controller manager will try to start any fallback controllers if available.

Factors that affect Determinism
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> When run under the conditions determined in the above section, the determinism is assured upto the limitations of the hardware and the real-time kernel. However, there are some following situations that can affect the determinism:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When run under the conditions determined in the above section, the determinism is assured up to the limitations of the hardware and the real-time kernel. However, there are some situations that can affect determinism:
```
